<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [HistogramChart][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [mountRects][3]
    -   [onPointHandler][4]
    -   [onLeaveHandler][5]
    -   [mountDelaunay][6]
-   [ScatterChart][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [mountRugs][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]
    -   [mountPoints][11]
    -   [onPointHandler][12]
    -   [onLeaveHandler][13]
    -   [mountDelaunay][14]
-   [LineChart][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
    -   [mountLines][17]
    -   [mountAreas][18]
        -   [Parameters][19]
    -   [mountConfidenceBand][20]
        -   [Parameters][21]
    -   [mountMarkers][22]
    -   [onPointHandler][23]
    -   [onLeaveHandler][24]
    -   [mountDelaunay][25]
        -   [Parameters][26]
    -   [normalizeData][27]
-   [AbstractChart][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]
    -   [mountLegend][30]
        -   [Parameters][31]
    -   [mountXAxis][32]
        -   [Parameters][33]
    -   [mountYAxis][34]
        -   [Parameters][35]
    -   [mountTooltip][36]
        -   [Parameters][37]
    -   [mountContainer][38]
    -   [setDataTypeFlags][39]
    -   [mountSvg][40]
    -   [normalizeData][41]
    -   [computeDomains][42]
        -   [Parameters][43]
    -   [computeXAxisType][44]
    -   [computeYAxisType][45]

## HistogramChart

**Extends AbstractChart**

Creates a new histogram graph.

### Parameters

-   `args` **[Object][46]** argument object. See [AbstractChart][28] for general parameters.
    -   `args.binCount` **[Number][47]?** approximate number of bins that should be used for the histogram. Defaults to what d3.bin thinks is best.
    -   `args.args` **...any** 

### mountRects

Mount the histogram rectangles.

Returns **void** 

### onPointHandler

Handle move events from the delaunay triangulation.

Returns **[Function][48]** handler function.

### onLeaveHandler

Handle leaving the delaunay triangulation area.

Returns **[Function][48]** handler function.

### mountDelaunay

Mount new delaunay triangulation.

Returns **void** 

## ScatterChart

**Extends AbstractChart**

Creates a new scatter graph.

### Parameters

-   `args` **[Object][46]** argument object. See [AbstractChart][28] for general parameters.
    -   `args.sizeAccessor` **([String][49] \| [Function][48])** accesor specifying the size of a data point. Can be either a string (name of the size field) or a function (receiving a data point and returning its size). (optional, default `d=>3`)
    -   `args.xRug` **[Boolean][50]** whether or not to generate a rug for the x axis. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `args.yRug` **[Boolean][50]** whether or not to generate a rug for the y axis. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `args.args` **...any** 

### mountRugs

Mount new rugs.

#### Parameters

-   `xRug` **[Boolean][50]** whether or not to generate a rug for the x axis. (optional, default `false`)
-   `yRug` **[Boolean][50]** whether or not to generate a rug for the y axis. (optional, default `false`)

Returns **void** 

### mountPoints

Mount scatter points.

Returns **void** 

### onPointHandler

Handle incoming points from the delaunay triangulation.

Returns **[Function][48]** handler function

### onLeaveHandler

Handle leaving the delaunay area.

Returns **[Function][48]** handler function

### mountDelaunay

Mount new delaunay triangulation instance.

Returns **void** 

## LineChart

**Extends AbstractChart**

Creates a new line graph.

### Parameters

-   `args` **[Object][46]** argument object. See [AbstractChart][28] for general parameters.
    -   `args.area` **([Boolean][50] \| [Array][51])** specifies for which sub-array of data an area should be shown. Boolean if data is a simple array. (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `args.confidenceBand` **[Array][51]?** array with two elements specifying how to access the lower (first) and upper (second) value for the confidence band. The two elements work like accessors and are either a string or a function.
    -   `args.voronoi` **[Object][46]?** custom parameters passed to the voronoi generator.
    -   `args.args` **...any** 

### mountLines

Mount lines for each array of data points.

Returns **void** 

### mountAreas

Mount all specified areas.

#### Parameters

-   `area` **([Boolean][50] \| [Array][51])** specifies for which sub-array of data an area should be shown. Boolean if data is a simple array. (optional, default `[]`)

Returns **void** 

### mountConfidenceBand

Mount the confidence band specified by two accessors.

#### Parameters

-   `$0` **[Object][46]** 
    -   `$0.lowerAccessor`  
    -   `$0.upperAccessor`  
-   `lowerAccessor` **([Function][48] \| [String][49])** for the lower confidence bound. Either a string (specifying the property of the object representing the lower bound) or a function (returning the lower bound when given a data point).
-   `upperAccessor` **([Function][48] \| [String][49])** for the upper confidence bound. Either a string (specifying the property of the object representing the upper bound) or a function (returning the upper bound when given a data point).

Returns **void** 

### mountMarkers

Mount markers, if any.

Returns **void** 

### onPointHandler

Handle incoming points from the delaunay move handler.

Returns **[Function][48]** handler function.

### onLeaveHandler

Handles leaving the delaunay area.

Returns **[Function][48]** handler function.

### mountDelaunay

Mount a new delaunay triangulation instance.

#### Parameters

-   `customParameters` **[Object][46]** custom parameters for [Delaunay][52].

Returns **void** 

### normalizeData

Normalizes the passed data to a nested array of objects.

isSingleObject: return error
isArrayOfObjects: nest once
isArrayOfArrays: do nothing
isNestedArrayOfArrays: do nothing, assume index-based accessor
isNestedArrayOfObjects: do nothing

Returns **void** 

## AbstractChart

This abstract chart class implements all functionality that is shared between all available chart types.
This is not meant to be directly instantiated.

### Parameters

-   `args` **[Object][46]** argument object.
    -   `args.data` **[Array][51]** data that needs to be visualized.
    -   `args.target` **([String][49] \| [Object][46])** DOM node to which the graph should be mounted. Either D3 selection or D3 selection specifier.
    -   `args.markers` **[Array][51]** markers that should be added to the chart. Each marker object should be accessible through the xAccessor and contain a label field. (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `args.xAccessor` **([String][49] \| [Function][48])** either name of the field that contains the x value or function that receives a data object and returns its x value. (optional, default `d=>d`)
    -   `args.yAccessor` **([String][49] \| [Function][48])** either name of the field that contains the y value or function that receives a data object and returns its y value. (optional, default `d=>d`)
    -   `args.margin` **[Object][46]** margin object specifying top, bottom, left and right margin. (optional, default `{top:10,left:60,right:20,bottom:40}`)
    -   `args.buffer` **[Number][47]** amount of buffer between the axes and the graph. (optional, default `10`)
    -   `args.width` **[Number][47]** total width of the graph.
    -   `args.height` **[Number][47]** total height of the graph.
    -   `args.color` **([String][49] \| [Array][51])?** custom color scheme for the graph.
    -   `args.colors` **([String][49] \| [Array][51])** alternative to color. (optional, default `schemeCategory10`)
    -   `args.xScale` **[Object][46]?** object that can be used to overwrite parameters of the auto-generated x [Scale][53].
    -   `args.yScale` **[Object][46]?** object that can be used to overwrite parameters of the auto-generated y [Scale][53].
    -   `args.xAxis` **[Object][46]?** object that can be used to overwrite parameters of the auto-generated x [Axis][54].
    -   `args.yAxis` **[Object][46]?** object that can be used to overwrite parameters of the auto-generated y [Axis][54].
    -   `args.showTooltip` **[Boolean][50]?** whether or not to show a tooltip.
    -   `args.tooltipFunction` **[Function][48]?** function that receives a data object and returns the string displayed as tooltip.
    -   `args.legend` **[Array][51]?** names of the sub-arrays of data, used as legend labels.
    -   `args.legendTarget` **([String][49] \| [Object][46])?** DOM node to which the legend should be mounted.
    -   `args.custom` **...any** 

### mountLegend

Mount a new legend if necessary

#### Parameters

-   `symbolType` **[String][49]** symbol type (circle, square, line)

Returns **void** 

### mountXAxis

Mount new x axis.

#### Parameters

-   `xAxis` **[Object][46]?** object that can be used to overwrite parameters of the auto-generated x [Axis][54].

Returns **void** 

### mountYAxis

Mount new y axis.

#### Parameters

-   `yAxis` **[Object][46]?** object that can be used to overwrite parameters of the auto-generated y [Axis][54].

Returns **void** 

### mountTooltip

Mount a new tooltip if necessary.

#### Parameters

-   `showTooltip` **[Boolean][50]?** whether or not to show a tooltip.
-   `tooltipFunction` **[Function][48]?** function that receives a data object and returns the string displayed as tooltip.

Returns **void** 

### mountContainer

Mount the main container.

Returns **void** 

### setDataTypeFlags

This method is called by the abstract chart constructor.
In order to simplify parsing of passed data, set flags specifying what types of data we're dealing with.

Returns **void** 

### mountSvg

This method is called by the abstract chart constructor.
Append the local svg node to the specified target, if necessary.
Return existing svg node if it's already present.

Returns **void** 

### normalizeData

If needed, charts can implement data normalizations, which are applied when instantiating a new chart.

Returns **void** 

### computeDomains

Usually, the domains of the chart's scales depend on the chart type and the passed data, so this should usually be overwritten by chart implementations.

#### Parameters

-   `params` **[Object][46]** object of custom parameters for the specific chart type

Returns **void** 

### computeXAxisType

Meant to be overwritten by chart implementations.
Set tick format of the x axis.

Returns **void** 

### computeYAxisType

Meant to be overwritten by chart implementations.
Set tick format of the y axis.

Returns **void** 

[1]: #histogramchart

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #mountrects

[4]: #onpointhandler

[5]: #onleavehandler

[6]: #mountdelaunay

[7]: #scatterchart

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #mountrugs

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: #mountpoints

[12]: #onpointhandler-1

[13]: #onleavehandler-1

[14]: #mountdelaunay-1

[15]: #linechart

[16]: #parameters-3

[17]: #mountlines

[18]: #mountareas

[19]: #parameters-4

[20]: #mountconfidenceband

[21]: #parameters-5

[22]: #mountmarkers

[23]: #onpointhandler-2

[24]: #onleavehandler-2

[25]: #mountdelaunay-2

[26]: #parameters-6

[27]: #normalizedata

[28]: #abstractchart

[29]: #parameters-7

[30]: #mountlegend

[31]: #parameters-8

[32]: #mountxaxis

[33]: #parameters-9

[34]: #mountyaxis

[35]: #parameters-10

[36]: #mounttooltip

[37]: #parameters-11

[38]: #mountcontainer

[39]: #setdatatypeflags

[40]: #mountsvg

[41]: #normalizedata-1

[42]: #computedomains

[43]: #parameters-12

[44]: #computexaxistype

[45]: #computeyaxistype

[46]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[47]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[48]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[49]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[50]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[51]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[52]: Delaunay

[53]: Scale

[54]: Axis
